Add note about finer-grained tracking of `-P` properties (#34684)
gradle/gradle: platforms/documentation/docs/src/docs/release/notes.md

This release adds support for [diagnostics and preview improvements](#diagnostics), and includes [console enhancements](#cli) such as a rich console off-screen line indicator and a new plain console with colors.

> Gradle @version@ introduces [improved error messages](#error) for version conflicts and enhancements to the [Configuration Cache](#configuration-cache), including a new read-only mode, finer grained tracking of `-P` command-line properties and improved handling of keystore types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Gradle @version@ introduces [improved error messages](#error) for version conflicts and enhancements to the [Configuration Cache](#configuration-cache). This includes a new read-only mode, finer-grained tracking of `-P` command-line properties, and improved handling of keystore types.
```

Even though the option may also be enabled via `gradle.properties`, that would not be recommended, as that would effectively always lead to the [Configuration Cache](userguide/configuration_cache.html) becoming disabled.

#### Finer grained tracking of `-P` command-line properties

> Previously, any changes to `-P` command-line properties would invalidate the configuration cache, regardless of whether the changed properties were actually used at configuration-time or not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, changing any `-P` [command-line property](userguide/build_environment.html#sec:project_properties) would invalidate the [Configuration Cache](userguide/configuration_cache.html), even if the property wasn't used during the configuration phase.
```

> Consider the following simple Kotlin DSL example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consider the following Kotlin DSL example:
```

```kotlin
tasks.register("echo") {
    val value = providers.gradleProperty("value")
    doLast {
        println("value: ${value.orNull}")
    }
}
```

> With previous versions of Gradle, multiple executions of the `echo` task with different `-P` arguments would be unable to reuse the configuration cache:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With previous versions of Gradle, multiple executions of the `echo` task with different `-P` arguments would be unable to reuse the Configuration Cache:
```

```console

> $ gradle --configuration-cache echo -Pvalue=1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ ./gradlew --configuration-cache echo -Pvalue=1

```

Calculating task graph as no cached configuration is available for tasks: echo

> Task :echo
value: 1

...
Configuration cache entry stored.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
/```

```

Reviewer: Can you close the ```console here and add a new line?

> $ gradle --configuration-cache echo -Pvalue=2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```console
$ ./gradlew --configuration-cache echo -Pvalue=2

```

Calculating task graph as configuration cache cannot be reused because the set of Gradle properties has changed: the value of 'value' was changed.

> Task :echo
value: 2

...
Configuration cache entry stored.
```

> Since the `value` property is never mentioned at configuration time, this release is able to reuse the configuration cache for faster builds:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By detecting that the `value` property is never mentioned during the configuration phase, this release can reuse the configuration cache for faster builds:
```

```console

> $ gradle --configuration-cache echo -Pvalue=1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ ./gradlew --configuration-cache echo -Pvalue=1

```

Calculating task graph as no cached configuration is available for tasks: echo

> Task :echo
value: 1

...
Configuration cache entry stored.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
/```

```

> $ gradle --configuration-cache echo -Pvalue=2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```console
$ ./gradlew --configuration-cache echo -Pvalue=2
```

Reusing configuration cache.

> Task :echo
value: 2

...
Configuration cache entry reused.
```

> In addition, the Configuration Cache report will also include properties used at configuration-time in the _Build configuration inputs_ tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, the [Configuration Cache report](userguide/configuration_cache_debugging.html#config_cache:troubleshooting) will include properties used during the configuration phase under the _Build configuration inputs_ tab.
```
